hi guys I have a Meyer and all the
grocery haul to share with you I don't
know my exact total because I got some
non grocery items but I would say around
1:30 for everything and I did stock up
on a lot of household things that we
need throughout the month and I usually
only go to LD once a month so I got
everything that we need there so I got
two bags of organic apples they actually
looked pretty good sometimes they don't
look too good and I don't buy them but
we go through apples pretty quickly so I
got two bags I got tons of bananas for
smoothies so let's eat our rice I will
freeze them for smoothies I've got a
bunch of frozen fruit for smoothies
about four bags of frozen strawberries
of agarose and peaches and the bag of
frozen blueberries I actually want to
use these to record something later this
month I got some sandwich bags some
aluminum foil and some freezer bags some
organic apple juice for John that's all
from Aldi and then this is from Meijer I
got some baby spinach a big jug of
vinegar for Queenie's some hand soap she
refill our soap dispensers in our
bathrooms in kitchen a had a cauliflower
some broccoli some roma tomatoes to make
salsa and then I got some limes for the
salsa and a couple of other things got a
lemon - jalapeno peppers for salsa and
some other things that I'm going to make
I got an avocado
sugar cookies these are for me to play
around with some lunch and things like
that I've got a red and yellow bell
pepper some green onions for a recipe
cilantro for salsa and everything that
I'll be making this week I got some
baking soda for cleaning some coconut
milk I'm going to try to make some
coffee creamer for John he is trying to
give up the half and a half so I told
him I would experiment with some coconut
milk and then I got two bags of Newman's
Own but it's Green Mountain coffee and
it is organic it's vanilla caramel and
image the best coffee in the whole world
and I was so glad they dropped the price
on it so it was $5.99 and usually it's
eight something so I got two bags and
then I got my dish soap that I like the
seventh-generation lemongrass and
Clementine zest I got some shampoo for
my guys my razors cotton ball and then I
ran out of this while I'm about to run
out of it I got see him st. Ives
timeless skin I really like this as a
daily moisturizer so I got that some
q-tips some deodorant for myself
yeah some toms fluoride free toothpaste
I'm going to try this out I have been
watching a lot of things about food and
reading a lot of things my boys don't
get fluoride at the dentist but I
usually buy a fluoride toothpaste so
let's try that out and see that was the
only kind I could find at Meijer that
didn't have fluoride and we'll see if
not I can try something at Whole Foods
and then I got some of these quart size
freezer bags I am making some black
beans a huge slow cooker full of black
beans over here and I'm recording it in
my food prep video but I am going to
have a ton which I had planned and I am
going to free some of them to use
throughout the month so I got those
and then I got some coffee filters and a
little container for my coconut oil for
my face the container that I had was
broken this pop stuff for making a
couple different six books a month and
some black peppercorns
to fill up my pepper grinder oh just a
little note on this always check organic
things if you like to eat organic things
and don't just assume that they're going
to be more expensive this was actually
cheaper than a regular kind so you just
never know and sometimes it really isn't
that much more some things are a lot
more like tomatoes are a lot more at
least in my area but some things really
aren't or they might even be cheaper so
definitely check if you're into eating
organic food so that is everything I
better get it all put away thank you
very much for watching